Add README and update changelog (#18)
comit-network/create-comit-app: README.md

# Create Comit App (cca)

> Set up a local development environment to build COMIT apps by running one command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a local development environment for building COMIT apps with one command. 
```

## Install

### The Easy Way

> 1. Install Docker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install Docker,
```

> 2. Install yarn or npm 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install yarn or npm,
```

> 3. Go get the latest version for your platforms in the [release](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app/releases).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go get the latest [release](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app/releases) for your platform,
```

4. Unzip & done!

### The Hard Way

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As alternative to the [The Easy Way](#the-easy-way) you can build the project yourself:

```

1. Install Docker.
2. Install Rust: `curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh`
3. Checkout the repo: `git clone https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app/`
4. Build and install: ` cargo install --path create-comit-app`

## Profit!

1. Create a new COMIT app project: `create-comit-app new my-cool-app`
2. Start local blockchain nodes & COMIT nodes: `create-comit-app start-env`
3. Open a new terminal:
   - `cd my-cool-app`
   - Install dependencies: `yarn install` (or `npm install`).
   - Run the [hello-swap](https://github.com/comit-network/hello-swap/) example: `yarn start` (or `npm start`).

>    - CTRL-C once the swap is done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Hit `CTRL-C` once the swap is done.
```
